hello YouTube Seabiscuit - here today
we're going to show you how to do the
bridge out of a deck of cards the bridge
is a form of shuffling cards
it really shuffles them really good
alright first of all you want to take a
deck of cards you can do this any type
of cars as you see I do not have a
normal deck of cards I'm sorry but I do
have some uno cards and just plain
internal uno cards all you can do this
with any type of deck of cards it does
not matter what kind of yet
first of all lay the deck down on the
table you need to split that into two
phones put them in half just like that
you want to make sure that the yeah the
house pretty even as you see those are
pretty even already now you want to grab
the one you want you can do this with
both of them you do your middle finger
and your ring finger at the bottom of
the cards if you look like this you put
them at the bottom later the cards just
like that alright at the top you're
gonna have your thumb you don't place it
right in the middle just like that
alright do the same thing with the other
set of cards son right there ring good
middle right there alright when do you
have that you need to face them like
this about I don't know your thumbs can
almost touch that really and take your
pointer fingers with your pointer
fingers all you do is apply pressure
right in the middle like that so work on
doing that apply pressure and it should
look like that alright and once you do
that apply pressure and kind of slide
your thumbs up and that should happen
once you find just once you can't talk
today once you slide your thumbs up
apply pressure right in the middle of
the your cards and come up like this
right here let's do that now you put it
and get that part let's hold up so I can
get to that bar I'm gonna show you what
you do
alright when you like this all your
fingers dang it
sorry guys all your fingers should be
like when you get like this all your
fingers should be catching a card see
all my finger traditional cards and your
thumbs simply still applying pressure
down there I mean up there so yeah my
thumb's are still applying pressure and
then you collapse on them well let me
show you one more time just a final set
of it alrighty guys I hope you liked it
that is how you do the bridge just to
form a shuffling with a deck of cards
before we go I want to give a shout out
to tobyGames highlights I love him I
have been watching his videos non-stop
him and the Yogscast uh their videos are
just amazing
keep doing guys keep it up I subscribed
all the time I subscribe so I love you
guys keep making videos Stu here is out